I passed my first exam for the A+ in 2017 but didn't pass my second A+ exam until 2018.

It was a long hard road to get there from what I remember. I used TestOut and a lot of practice questions at the time.

The exams that I took were the 220-901//220-902.

I failed my 220-902 twice before passing it the third time.

My takeaways from it:
 
 
 - Exam certifications are hard and stressful. And rightfully so, my school paid for my A+ attempts but I remember being terrified of failing the exam. I passed my 901
    my Junior year of high school and I didn't feel like I was prepared but I took it and passed it anyways. It was in that same year after a couple of months that I took
    my 902 exam and failed it twice. My soul left my body for a split second every time that I failed the exam but after doing some reflection I realized that I didn't 
    take full advantage of the resources that I had available and didn't devote enough time to studying for it as I should have. These were just growing pains.
    


- A+ really is just saying "I know the basics of how a computer operates" and "I can utilize troubleshooting methods to resolve an issue". Most people that are just starting
  out in this industry know the basics of how a computer operates but the A+ delves a little deeper on specifications of USB busses, how hard drives operate, Boot records,
  and a little bit of networking.
  
Values of the A+ exam(s) learned later on:


- Saves a lot of money in college. Most colleges have accumulation programs where you pass a certification and you receive the college credits for the directly relating
  class AND pass that class with an A. Shelling out $400 and some time to pass a class instead of the $1000-$2000 per class can really expedite 2 things: industry knowledge, college graduation.
  There's some deeper messages here but they don't exactly align with the A+ or the overall message of this post.
  
Advice to the younger crowds reading this (if there are any):
 
 
 - If you're interested in IT and really love this field there are 2 things you cannot do. You cannot stop learning, and you cannot get lazy. Sometimes easy solutions aren't the best solution
  or most secure. A+ is the best starting point, College degrees are not required to enter this field but you can't enter the industry in confidence without the A+ and a homelab with some
  oomph (explore networking with packet tracer, virtualization with linux, vmware workstation, virtual box, spin up a 30-day trial of Windows Server and build a domain and when your trial runs out
  rebuild it, etc.) and as long as you can speak competently and are prepared to start professionally interviewing you won't have a problem entering IT.
